#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
agentarchives==0.10.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   django
bagit==1.9.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
boto3==1.38.41
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
botocore==1.38.41
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via tox
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coverage[toml]==7.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
dj-database-url==3.0.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-auth-ldap
    #   django-cas-ng
    #   django-csp
    #   jsonfield
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
django-auth-ldap==5.2.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
django-cas-ng==5.0.1
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
django-csp==4.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
django-prometheus==2.4.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
django-shibboleth-remoteuser @ git+https://github.com/artefactual-labs/django-shibboleth-remoteuser.git@f08a7864d6130416c352981ccf318fff0fd5be58
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
django-tastypie==0.15.1
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via pytest
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gevent==25.5.1
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   gevent
    #   playwright
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   sword2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest-randomly
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-utils
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
keystoneauth1==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   metsrw
    #   python-cas
    #   sword2
metsrw==0.6.1
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   agentarchives
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
oslo-config==9.8.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-serialization==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   django-csp
    #   gunicorn
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   tox
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
playwright==1.52.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   django-prometheus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-ldap
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   python-ldap
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   oslo-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via tox
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-playwright
    #   pytest-randomly
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-playwright==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-randomly==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-cas==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   django-cas-ng
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   django-tastypie
python-gnupg==0.5.4
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
python-keystoneclient==5.6.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   django-auth-ldap
python-mimeparse==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   django-tastypie
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via pytest-playwright
python-swiftclient==4.8.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   agentarchives
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   oslo-config
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   python-cas
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   python-cas
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
sword2 @ git+https://github.com/artefactual-labs/python-client-sword2.git@619ee44467dcdb2ab75fab16864ea2e4ded7ffe4
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==4.27.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   dj-database-url
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   pyee
    #   tox
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via tox
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r /src/requirements.txt
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==25.1.1
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   -r /src/requirements.txt
    #   pbr
    #   pip-tools
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
